README.rst, before:

..
    Copyright (C) 2019 CERN.
    Copyright (C) 2019 Northwestern University.


    Invenio-RDM-Records is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more
    details.

====================
 Invenio-RDM-Records
====================

.. image:: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/workflows/CI/badge.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/actions?query=workflow%3ACI+branch%3Amaster

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/tag/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/releases

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/invenio-rdm-records

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/blob/master/LICENSE

DataCite-based data model for Invenio.

Further documentation is available on
https://invenio-rdm-records.readthedocs.io/

Development
===========

Install
-------

Choose a version of search and database, then run:

.. code-block:: console

    pipenv run pip install -e .[all]
    pipenv run pip install invenio-search[<opensearch[1]>]
    pipenv run pip install invenio-db[<[mysql|postgresql|]>]


Tests
-----

.. code-block:: console

    pipenv run ./run-tests.sh

Commit message:

add documentation for this branch

README.rst, after:

..
    Copyright (C) 2019 CERN.
    Copyright (C) 2019 Northwestern University.


    Invenio-RDM-Records is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more
    details.

====================
 Invenio-RDM-Records
====================


This is a fork managed by Caltech Library for customizations currently used in
CaltechAUTHORS. It is comprised of code contributed in other pull requests, and
isn't intended to be used anywhere else. It currently contains code from
branches:

- journal-pages https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/pull/1261
- csl-updates https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/pull/1252


.. image:: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/workflows/CI/badge.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/actions?query=workflow%3ACI+branch%3Amaster

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/tag/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/releases

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/invenio-rdm-records

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records.svg
        :target: https://github.com/inveniosoftware/invenio-rdm-records/blob/master/LICENSE

DataCite-based data model for Invenio.

Further documentation is available on
https://invenio-rdm-records.readthedocs.io/

Development
===========

Install
-------

Choose a version of search and database, then run:

.. code-block:: console

    pipenv run pip install -e .[all]
    pipenv run pip install invenio-search[<opensearch[1]>]
    pipenv run pip install invenio-db[<[mysql|postgresql|]>]


Tests
-----

.. code-block:: console

    pipenv run ./run-tests.sh
